removing references to just groups in overview (#12505)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/accessreviews-overview.md

---
title: "Overview of access reviews API"

> description: "The access reviews API allows you to programmatically review access to your groups"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The access reviews API allows you to programmatically review access to your Azure AD resources."
```
